If I remember correctly, the woman in front of me was a princess from the previous dynasty.
How many yuan did the royal family pay for your suicide? You misunderstood
I'm not a great prince
You are not the eldest prince, so what are you holding in your hand?
Even if you are accustomed to dressing
I can’t hide the fact that you are the eldest prince.
What if I said I just saw you on the ground?
Yongqian slipped
If you die, what is your reading?
Any other meaning?
What do you care about?
Yes, I am the eldest prince
how can you kill me
I still have a secret experience that I want to kill. Make sure I have a secret.
what secret
Don't play tricks on me
Sister, you are pressing against my throat.
How dare I play tricks? Secret
In my waist you kill my sister
Sister, don’t be so sinister.
It would be nice if you really have a Dun on my waist
Suddenly, right?
I want to see what you took out
Look, is it a surprise?
Didn't I lie to you?
The secret is inside
Just don't let him go
What a surprise
don't know how to go
Whatever you want, I like it
How about finding information that you feel comfortable with?
Is this secret very personal?
Is it sour and refreshing?
Why don't you just memorize it?
I told you
Too much ego is not a great prince
If you have your own preference, don’t move.
If you are doing it
I can't guarantee my hand
I won't mess with you. Dare you?
Then look at me
Don't you dare to do it? Don't you dare to do it?
You are the only one who speaks so beautifully
There are so many of him
Because I want everyone to be a fool
Can you survive until now?
No, you are stupid.
Do you dare to understand me
Now the eldest prince is dead
I have to do some drinking.
Went to something big